## Minutes

  

Meeting No. 4

  

Date: 10:00-11:00 02/02/2022

  

Attendees: Callum, Bruce, Daniel, Abigail, Sebastian

-   Saad sends apologies as he is ill, section will be briefly covered by Abigail
    

  

### Agenda

- Discussion through work done (presenting tasks)

- Discussion of main risks

- Discussion on D1 presentation

  

### Actions Made

Callum (Task 1,2)

-   Both task 1,2 both ambitious about either python/javascript
    
-   STFT library: numberphile project (possible)
    
-   EMD: may have to be by hand (minima,maxima, spline implementation, IMFs, difference between IMF and current graph, loop with stopping criteria[this needs to be written by hand])
    
-   Plan Z is using pre generated examples
    

Bruce (Task 3,6)

-   Next steps is more testing, more back and forth
    
-   Memory space, multithreading
    
-   Once this is done then move onto creating custom signals
    
-   Only need requirements as a dependency from t1,2
    

Abigail

-   Looked for some CSS frameworks (recommending bulma/bootstrap) will make some simple pages for comparison with the team
    
-   Covered Saads section with some charting libraries found / will discuss with saad for his thoughts
    
-   Need to establish OOP methodology to structure the JS code
    

Seb

-   Top down method
    
-   Unit test will be each person responsible
    
-   Using Jasmine framework
    

  

### Outstanding Actions (For next week)

| Name | Task allocated |
|:-------|:---------------|
| Daniel | support team on any issues with presentation, create slides |
| Callum | More exploration within STFT, EMD approaches/libraries, add hilbert transform to plan |
| Saad | Decide on charting library/approach, try implement test chart, think about hilbert spectrum charts |
| Bruce | More testing with pyodide, experimenting with memory space and multithreading |
| Abigail | Experiment with CSS libraries and create simple pages with components needed to implement, get opinions from group members, fix gantt chart, figure out an OOP methodology for JS modules |
| Sebastian | Create interface spec, communicate with others and create a robust integration test plan |

  

### Decisions made

-     
    

  

### Questions

-     
    

  

### Notes

  
  

Supervisor Meeting

-   Marked from
    
-   Presentation:
    

-   Wednesday during usually meeting slot
    
-   Slides
    
-   No longer than 20 mins
    
-   20 mins of questions
    
-   Emphasis should be how to tackle D2
    
-   Plan to boss, to reassure that the plan in place and will be doable in the timeframe
    

-   Planning (task dependencies on different tasks, people)
    
-   Need to fix gantt chart and dependencies (make a critical risk more bold)
    
-   Interface specifications to prevent integration issues
    

  

### Next Meeting Details

Date: 09/02/2022 10:00-11:00
